# Naive Bayes

1. Assume that there are 2 happy people and 2 unhappy people in a room. Concretely, persons A and B are happy and persons C and D are unhappy. If you were to randomly pick a person from the room, what is the probability that the person is happy?
   - $1/2$

2. Assume that there are 2 happy people and 2 unhappy people in a room. Concretely, persons A and B are happy and persons C and D are unhappy. If a friend showed you the part of the room where the two happy people are, what is the probability that you choose person B?
   - $1/2$

3. From the equations presented below, express the probability of a tweet being positive given that it contains the word happy in terms of the probability of a tweet containing the word happy given that it is positive
   - $P(positive|happy) = \frac{P(happy|positive)P(positive)}{P(happy)}$

4. Bayes rule is defined as
   - $P(A|B) = \frac{P(B|A)P(A)}{P(B)}$

5. Suppose that in your dataset, 25% of the positive tweets contain the word ‘happy’. You also know that a total of 13% of the tweets in your dataset contain the word 'happy', and that 40% of the total number of tweets are positive. You observe the tweet: ''happy to learn NLP'. What is the probability that this tweet is positive?
    - $P(positive|happy) = \frac{P(happy|positive)P(positive)}{P(happy)} = \frac{0.25*0.4}{0.13} = 0.77$

6. The log likelihood for a certain word $w$ is defined as: $log(\frac{P(w_i|positive)}{P(w_i|negative)})$.
   - Positive numbers imply that the word is positive
   - Negative numbers imply that the word is negative

7. The log-likelihood mentioned in the lecture, which is the log of the ratio between two probabilities is bounded between
   - $-\infty$ to $\infty$

8. When implementing naive Bayes, in which order should the following steps be implemented.
   - Get or annotate a dataset with positive and negative tweets

    Preprocess the tweets: process_tweet(tweet) ➞

    Compute freq(w, class)

    Get P(w | pos), P(w | neg)

    Get λ(w)

    Compute logprior = log(P(pos) / P(neg))

9. To test naive bayes model, which of the following are required?
    - $X_{val},Y_{val},λ,logprior$

10. Which of the following is NOT an application of naive Bayes?
    - Numerical predictions
