# Vector Space Models

1. Given a corpus A, encoded as [1, 2, 3] and corpus B encoded as [4, 7, 2], what is the euclidean distance between the two documents?
   - 5.91608

2. Given the previous problem, a user now came up with a corpus C defined as [3, 1, 4] and you want to recommend a document that is similar to it. Would you recommend document A or document B?
   - Document A

3. Which of the following is true about euclidean distance?
   - It is the norm of the difference between two vectors.
   - When comparing similarity between two corpuses, it does not work well when the documents are of different sizes.

4. What is the range of a cosine similarity score, namely s,  in the case of information retrieval where the vectors are positive?
   - $0 \leq s \leq 1$

5. The cosine similarity score of corpus A = [1, 0, -1] and corpus B = [2, 8, 1] is equal to?
   - 0.08512565307587486

6. We will define the following vectors, USA = [5, 6], Washington = [10, 5], Turkey = [3, 1], Ankara = [2, 2], Russia = [5, 5], and Japan = [4, 3]. Using only the following vectors, Ankara is the capital of what country? Please consider the cosine similarity score in your calculations.
   - Turkey

7. Please select all that apply. PCA is
   - used to reduce the dimension of your data
   - visualize word vectors

8. Please select all that apply. Which is correct about PCA?
   - You can think of an eigenvector as an uncorrelated feature for your data.
   - The eigenvalues tell you the amount of information retained by each feature.
   - Computing the covariance matrix is critical when performing PCA.

9. In which order do you perform the following operations when computing PCA?
    - mean normalize, get Σ the covariance matrix, perform SVD, then dot product the data, namely X, with a subset of the columns of U to get the reconstruction of your data.

10. Vector space models allow us to
    - To represent words and documents as vectors.
    - build useful applications including and not limited to, information extraction, machine translation, and chatbots.
    - create representations that capture similar meaning.
