# Hashing and Machine Translation

1. Assume that your objective is to minimize the transformation of X as similar to Y as possible, what would you optimize to get R?
   - Minimize the distance between XR and Y
2. When solving for R, which of the following is true?
   - Initialize R, create a forloop, inside the forloop:  (compute the gradient, update the loss)
3. The Frobenius norm of A = [[1,3],[4,5]] is
   - 7.14
4. Assume $X \in R^{m *n}, R \in R^{n*n}, Y \in R^{m*n}$, which of the following is the gradient of $\left\|X - YR\right\|_F^2$?
   - $\frac{2}{m}X^T(X - YR)$
5. Imagine that you are visiting a city in the US. If you search for friends that are living in the US, would you be able to determine the 2 closest of ALL your friends around the world?
   - No
6. What is the purpose of using a function to hash vectors into values?
   - To speed up the time it takes when comparing similar vectors.
   - To not have to spend time comparing vectors with other vectors that are completely different.
7. Given the following vectors, determine the true statements.
   - $PV_1^T$ and $PV_2^T$ have the same sign.
8. We define H to be the number of planes and $h_i$ to be 1 or 0 depending on the sign of the dot product with plane $i$. Which of the following is the equation used to calculate the hash for several planes.
   - $\sum_{i=1}^H h_i 2^{i}$
9. How can you speed up the look up for similar documents.
    - Approximate Nearest Neighbors
    - Locality sensitive hashing
10. Hash tables are useful because
    - Speed up look up
    - Allow us to divide vector space to regions
